PATCH workspace/project tag-bindings (#788)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/projects.mdx

}
```

> ## Add/update tag-bindings on a workspace

Reviewer: Should be `projects` and maybe remove `-` from `tag-bindings`.

> This endpoint adds keys and values or updates values of tag-bindings on an existing resource by key.

Reviewer 2: nits:
s/tag-bindings/tag bindings/
s/Tag Bindings/Tag bindings/

> This endpoint adds keys and values or updates values of tag-bindings on an existing resource by key.

Reviewer 2: Consider rewording for readability:
```suggestion
This endpoint can be used to add key-value tag bindings to an existing resource, or to update existing tag binding values on the resource.
```

> It does not remove any keys from the collection. This endpoint is useful when you want to ensure a

Reviewer 2: Consider:

```suggestion
It can not be used to remove any tag bindings from the resource. This endpoint is useful when you want to ensure a tag binding
```

modification is additive.

Tag Bindings have special constraints:

> - Up to 10 tags can be applied to a workspace, but an additional 10 tags may be inherited from its project.

Reviewer: :nail_care: 
```
- Up to 10 tags can be applied to a project
- All workspaces belonging to the project will inherit the tag bindings applied to this project.
```

Author: 🙏
